---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "BSides San Diego 2018 Recap"
#background: '/img/posts/BSidesSD.jpg'
---

<p>I love BSides. They really are the open-source conference. The camaraderie, the information, and the intimate nature of BSides really set them apart. Also, as a person who firmly despise used car salesmen techniques, the fact that they are non-profit and no selling or pitching can be done is refreshing.</p>

<p>Admittedly I was not on my game as much as normal, as I was leaving for a week-long business trip in Europe immediately after the conference. If you’ve followed me in the past, you know that I am a fan of live Tweeting. It’s my way of note taking so that I know where I actually kept my notes. Live tweeting is also a great way to interact with people on Twitter you might not have otherwise.</p>

<p>Aaron Eppert gave a great talk about “The Intersection of IoT and OT”. My day-to-day does not involve hardware hacking, so it really opened my eyes to the attack surface that I was unaware of. His talk was a great reminder to not necessarily just into the next shiny thing without thinking of the implications of that shiny thing.</p>

<p>My talk was just after lunch, and you can see it by clicking on “Talks” at the top of this page.</p>

<p>Makshin Shudrak’s talk “Catching a Tricky Fox: Tactics and Strategies of Sandbox Evasion in Modern Malware” broke the illusion of sandboxing for me. It’s still fresh in my mind, so honestly I haven’t had time to reconstruct the pieces back together. At this point I’m willing to throw malware sandboxing right out the window, but I’d imagine my view will evolve as time goes on. Vendors, prove me wrong.</p>

<p>Great things are planned for BSidesSD 2019 and I'm excited!</p>